Feature/71: write cons of this project compared to others (#72)
command-line-interface-pages/cli-pages: README.md

  ![tldr page](./tldr-page.png)

- [Cheat](https://github.com/cheat/cheat) cheat allows you to create and view
  interactive cheatsheets on the command-line. Here is a `cat` page in Cheat:

  ![cheat page](./cheat-page.png)

> ## Why to use this project :question:
> 
> From page writer perspective:
> 
> - Write less, gain more:
>   - Just mention how to get help or version of some command and get automatically
>     generated code examples for these options.
>   - Just mention that command is not intended for a direct usage or is deprecated
>     and get automatically generated note about it.
> - Write using unambiguous syntax:
>   - Define when some command and when uses some I/O stream and be sure that
>     code explanations have just one possible interpretation.
>   - Define strict placeholder interpretation and type. Don't guess what some file
>     with some extension is in example, know it's meaning directly from code.
> - Permit user to use their preferences:
>   - Don't use the most appropriate option's style from others opinion. Let user chose
>     what option's style is the best for them while switching between GNU-style
>     long and short options.
> - Write in parsable format:
>   - Be able to automatically extract information from pages and be sure about it's
>     semantic.
> 
> From the end user perspective:
> 
> - Know how to get software builtin help or version.
> - Be aware when and what commands to use and what not.
> - Know when command uses and what I/O stream.
> - Don't google what some not familiar file is, see it's description right here.
> - Be yourself, and not the other person. Chose your code option's style.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why to use this project :question:

From the page writer's perspective:

- Write less, gain more:
  - Just mention how to get help or a version of some command and get automatically
    generated code examples for these options.
  - Just mention that the command is not intended for direct usage or is deprecated
    and get automatically generated note about it.
- Write using the unambiguous syntax:
  - Define when some command uses some I/O stream and be sure that
    code explanations have just one possible interpretation.
  - Define strict placeholder interpretation and type. Don't guess what some file
    with some extension is, for example, know its meaning directly from code.
- Permit users to use their preferences:
  - Don't use the most appropriate option's style from other's opinions. Let users choose
    what style is the best for them while switching between GNU-style
    long and short options.
- Write in the parsable format:
  - To be able to automatically extract information from pages and be sure about its
    semantics.

From the end-user perspective:

- Know how to get software built-in help or version.
- Be aware of when and what commands to use and what not.
- Know when the command uses and what I/O stream.
- Don't google what some not-familiar file is, see its description right here.
- Be yourself, and not the other person. Chose your code option's style.
```
Just some minor improvements, In future we can make it more grammatically correct, but for now this will do.
